you
You're kidding, you're questioning
Is the fairness of this Hundred Doors Meeting?
Don't talk nonsense
This cannot be left unresolved.
I'm going to find Elder Xu
Stop talking but he
If you don't want to throw in the towel before you even get on stage
Let's make a deal
What deal?
Pay me 10,000 I can get you through
How am I just a villain
You are just a dream
If you want to die
I can fulfill you in the next game.
We admit defeat in your game
Concubine before the war
Yuan Men's next generation is just like this
When the lottery is over
Please ask each sect to fight accordingly
Taiwan participates in the competition
If the time of a stick of incense is for the stage
as an automaton
If you want Yuan Men to dance at the Hundred Gate Meeting
Facial teacher
Can be violated
Hahahahaha
Too arrogant
I got the Commander's Medal
He dared to do it so blatantly
Are not afraid that we will pick up and expose
Video first
Remember what we said last night
Do everything as we said
Okay, it's getting late.
Let's all get ready